Network Rail Geospatial Data
============================

*NOTE:* The data contained in this repository is now out-of-date.  The most up-to-date data is available via the [Rail Data Marketplace](https://raildata.org.uk/dashboard/dataProduct/P-d6c0c7ee-6743-4999-9b9e-d2dd39585bdb/overview).

The datasets contained within this repository have [published](https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/request/geospatial_data) via the Environmental Information Regulations (EIR) by Network Rail.  They have been released under the Open Government Licence:

> &quot;You are encouraged to use and re-use the information made available in this response freely and flexibly, with only a few conditions. These are set out in the [Open Government Licence](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/) for public sector information. For further information please visit our website.&quot;

Please read the Data Caveats file for supporting infomation.

To increase visibility and aid re-use of this data, it has been downloaded and placed in a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/openraildata/network-rail-gis) with added metadata to explain better the content.  Updates to the data will be requested periodically and placed here.

The data included is as follows:

Network Model
-------------

This contains four sets of data, extracted from the Infrastructure Network Model (INM):

* *VectorLinks* - a geographic representation of the Network Model at track level, categorised by ELR and track ID (TRID)
* *VectorNodes*
* *VectorReferenceLines* - a single linestring (polyline) for each ELR.  This is an imaginary line which has been generated by creating a 'best fit' against the lines for each ELR
* *VectorWaymarks*

Organisational Boundaries
-------------------------

This contains five sets of data, extracted from the Infrastructure Network Model (INM):

* *Vector MDU* - the extent of each Maintenance Delivery Unit (MDU)
* *Vector Region* - the extent of each Region
* *Vector Route* - the extent of each Route
* *Vector TME* - the extent of each Track Maintenance Engineer
* *Vector TSM* - the extent of each Track Section Manager

ESTA
----

This contains one set of data, extracted from the Infrastructure Network Model (INM):

* *ESTA* - Electricity Supply Tariff Areas


** Note
To address inconsistent file naming between data releases, the layer name is now derived from the parent directory rather than shapefile name. 
